<span style="font-weight: 400;">Very few structures of our homes are as important as the entry systems or, in plain English, exterior doors! There’s no doubt that we are all aware of the safety and security that these barriers provide for our families and, of course, a beautifully crafted front door adds to the aesthetic value of our homes as well. However,  most of us don’t really consider the energy efficiency factor when it comes to exterior doors since we believe, by nature, they are energy efficient.  Well, unfortunately, not all doors are equally energy efficient. </span>

<span style="font-weight: 400;">According to the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE), air leakage and energy waste through conduction are two of the most serious issues we need to consider when evaluating our exterior doors.  The DOE recommends that if we have older doors that are uninsulated, improperly installed or poorly air sealed, we should replace them as soon as possible with the most energy-efficient ones we can afford since they will prove to be a good investment in the long-run due to the lower heating and cooling costs. Consequently, Armstrong is proud to provide its customers with front entry doors that qualify for the ENERGY STAR® program which was created by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the DOE to help consumers easily identify products that save energy and money and protect the environment.  Doors manufactured under the ENERGY STAR® program are independently tested, certified, and verified by the National Fenestration Rating Council (NFRC), and have NFRC ratings that meet strict energy efficiency guidelines set by the EPA.</span>

[action_box]

<span style="font-weight: 400;">Regrettably, a large number of homeowners choose front entry door systems based on appearance, neglecting energy efficiency and sometimes even security.  The DOE suggests that we should install insulated steel and fiberglass doors and consider their energy performance rating with respect to our local climate.  Armstrong’s fiberglass and steel entry doors are highly energy efficient, ENERGY STAR® qualified, built to the highest quality standards, thus providing our customers with a far superior option than the ones normally found at their local DIY centers.   As we already mentioned, by deciding to replace your older doors with these energy efficient ones, you will reduce your heating and cooling costs, improve interior comfort and increase the value of your home.  What’s more, Armstrong’s professional-class doors are constructed with 20-gauge galvannealed steel which means that it contains almost 50% more steel than a consumer-grade door. Like all our products, any door you purchase from Armstrong is backed by the best available warranty in the industry.  In this case, the guarantee we offer our customers is a lifetime limited transferable warranty.</span>

<span style="font-weight: 400;">Armstrong has always been dedicated to the preservation of the distinct beauty that has made the Bay Area among the most impressive in the world.  Therefore, the doors we offer our customers are customized in every way possible to suit their homes.  Our professional estimators help customers choose the size, color, glass and hardware in order to ensure a perfect match with the existing style of their home.  Call us today for a free quote or to arrange a free consultation with our Home Improvement Specialists.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">
</span>